yeah she loved my past aptos gonna set
it on my face my chest on my arms my
neck and my back session rest our case
you wanna make it after I love this song
girl we can get it up
yeah yeah girl we can get it I owe you a
free comments eat it up make you cum
while you're sleeping hey girl i'm a
beast huh fuck you real good let you cut
like three times eight is my club puts
you in the fade imma beat that thing up
I'll swallow this dick yeah Bango you
said you a freak yo fucker club take you
to the bathroom my cell you'd be stuck
good you can get that don't wanna
chitchat let me break you up break you
off like a kit kat refresh it in the tic
tac the thing go click button let me
make one problems they can get back and
see behind me throw school to home swap
like freaked out about your boy bitch
Thank lavish ebuddy just wanna fuck like
one super egg gonna add it on the face
my chest my arms my banking my backs HS
you wanna make you mad yeah I'm girl we
can get it up yeah yeah girl you get it
on
wagon Obama beta chi sono yo son we
banging on the slow drums light-skinned
nigga tryin to stay with no one cuz when
they give me a brains unum bitches go
down like they can't you think the
cameras for trying to fuck me to reason
that an asus or driver saw some that you
can for doing this match one princess in
a divorce he said she say let the
bitches be they she called her best
friend I say some sweet way hey I
chicken playback and replay home a run
what did I believe and know you like to
test care of this Hilson he'll marry
pitch a good when it feels so right
bitch would you take that kick occasion
on my test two in a row that it on my
face my chest in my arms my back and my
back say she wanna make it sound girl we
like amigos I'll do peanuts but I got
the heart to mix with the lingo no i'm
not a player but i'm a pic though she
rubbing on my temperature give me that
dietro rich and chatter anchors a
happier
that I'm I let it have its smoking on
the good never so lavish
gonna drop a dart gun fanatic spinning
for some angry committed and somatic
smoking on blood on the way the magics
up and screaming when the seals up in
traffic my life like a movie hi there
battery closed so fresh I should have my
own fabric hiding and goon i watch me do
magic right in the goon but whats we do
man she loved my tats tattoos on her own
tatted on my face my chest my arms my
neck and my back said she loved my stock
said she wanna make it nasty all on this
song girl we can get it on